classes:
	Learning: Learn a new skill by right clicking a set tool used for that class. You can only have one of each type of class at a time,
		You may switch skills, but it starts you off at level one of that skill. Leveling up takes time and improves the efficiency
		with wich you can use that skill.
	Nessecity:
		LumberJack:
			break: logs, leaves, vines
			place: saplings
			use: bonemeal 
		Miner:
			break: dirt, gravel, stone, coal, iron, gold, diamond, redstone, emerald
			place: planks, torches
			use: nightvision potion
		Farmer:
			break: weat, potatoes, carrots, sugarcane, melons, pumpkins
			place: seeds, potatoes, carrots, sugarcane, melon seeds, pumpkin seeds
			use: hoe(tilling), bonemeal, breeding, killing animals.

	Luxury:
		Blacksmith:
			break: Anvil
			make: pick, shovel, hoe, axe, sword, bow, arrow, armor
			place: Anvil
			use: Anvil, bottle o' enchanting
			services: repairing
		PotionMaster:
			break: potion stand, netherwart, 
			make: tnt, potions
			place: potioni stand, netherwart,
			use: all potions
			services: experience extract potion(make bottle's o' enchanting by removing player experience)
		Wizard:
			break: enchanting table
			place: enchanting table
			use: enchanting table
			services: enchant tools/weapons, make super-item.
		Alpha(town leader/designer):
			break: 
			place:
			use:
			service: allocate land, set tax

	War:
		Warrior:
			use: Sword, Axe, Iron Armor, Diamond armor, strength potion
		Archer:
			use: Bow, leather armor, speed potion
		Rouge:
			use: throwing knives, vines? TNT? invisibility potion.


Economy:
	Shops: maybe some kind of chest that only the owner can place items in, and will charge others to remove the items.
	Services: Something the shopowner must do. Cost's shop owner money, but owner might just pass off the cost to the customer.

Holds(forts/communities):
	Creation: Communities can be started by killing the Ender Dragon and collecting it's egg. Eggs will act as the interface for starting
		and maintaining a Hold.
	Leader: called Alpha (for now maybe), the leader designs the town layout. They can allocate plots to citizens, and propose extensions
		which will be paid for by the whole community if approved with a 2/3 majority.
	Income: Mob drops can be cashed in for $$ at one of the Hold's eggs. Each egg the Hold holds (see what I did there?) will increase the
		overall value of drops, but either farmable drops will not be purchased, or the price will vary based on how commonly a drop
		is cashed in. Maybe if one player always does bones bones will become worthless to him until he turns in as many zombie flesh
		and string and whatnot. Could still be exploitable though so we'll see. Maybe the community earns it's tax from these cash-ins,
		instead of voting on project taxes. Maybe they just vote on the tax rates.
	Gates: Holds will have signs on the front gate that grant access. Citizens of the Hold can get in for free with full access. Non
		citizens can pay a tax (set by the hold leadership) to enter for trading purposes, or they can choose to attack the hold 
		to attempt to capture an egg.
	Warfare: Battles are set in and around the hold that is being attacked. Attackers may set their spawns anywhere outside of the walls,
		and get a set number of lives to steal the egg or take small objectives to earn more lives before they are forced to retreat.
		The number of lives of the attackers is based on the "value" of the Hold under attack, and the strength of it's current defenses.
		
